The Referral Play
New Clients:
The easiest way to get referrals is to set the expectation before they come on as clients that you’ll request they introduce you to 3 friends.


When dropping your price, you can offer a slight discount IF the client agrees to send you 3 referrals.


“Awesome, so the investment to get you to (insert desired outcome) is usually $24k but if you can refer us 3 other (insert ideal clients), then we can do it for just $20k for 4 months…”


This way, you’re giving the prospect a huge incentive to send you referrals before they become a client, and you’re getting an agreement - in other words, they buy in to the idea of sending you their friends.


Furthermore, because you gave them a discount when they agreed to send you referrals, they feel indebted to you, which increases the likelihood of them actually sending you people once you ask.
Collecting the 3 referrals:


There are 2 ways to go about this:


1. Reach out the moment they have their first impactful win with you…


You want to identify the moment within your client's journey where they have an epiphany moment… where they think, “Holy shit! This works! This is amazing! Omg!”.


I’m sure you had this feeling when you first started your agency or coaching business and made your first sale. Remember that feeling? You want to catch your clients at that moment and ask for three referrals.


For your offer, this may be when they close their first client, book their first appointment without speaking to the lead beforehand, lose their first 5kgs, close a certain amount of sales, make their first $1k online… etc.


For every business, it will be different but find when yours is and create a system around collecting referrals at that moment within each of your client's journey. 


And remember, since this was part of the sale, the client expects you to ask for the referral… so all you need to do is say, “Hey! It's awesome to see XYZ result! Quick question—did you have those 3 names?”


Don’t overthink the asking part. Be natural and assume they will give you the names.


P.S This option works a lot better for B2B offers and agency services.


2. Ask immediately on the call/right after they close


This second option works best for B2C and coaching offers. 


You still want to do the same price drop based on referring 3 friends, however, the way you position it would be slightly different.


Instead of saying, “If you refer 3 friends, we can do $X price”, you would position it as:

“We normally charge $15k, but what we’ve found is our clients/students who complete the (insert product/program name) with at least 1 other person, on average, get ____ better results than those who go at it alone… so with that said if you can refer 3 friends who you’d like to do this with then, I can drop the $15k price down to $10k”


This way, instead of collecting the referrals once the client achieves their first win, you would collect them upfront, as it’s positioned as “let me know who they are so I can get them started alongside you so that you get better results.”
Receiving The Referrals
The easiest way to get the referrals' information and reach out to them is to get your client to make a 3-way group chat with themself, you, and the potential referral lead and transfer the trust.


Once they’ve transferred trust, set up a call and close the deal - just like any normal client… only this time it’ll be significantly easier ;) 
Existing Clients:


With any new client, you can make them send you referrals as a “stipulation” of the sale, for lack of better words.


Whereas with existing clients (who didn’t join based on your new sales process) you can’t rely on that expectation so we need to incentivize them in another way.


What I’ve found best here is to create an offer in the exact same way we do for new front-end client acquisition but for referrals specifically.


In other words, I create a stupidly irresistible offer to incentivize existing clients to send us new business…


Very few clients will refer you new business off their own back (this can and will happen, but I don’t like relying only on that).


I will cover 2 types of referral offers: one for an agency/service/DFY-based business and another for a coaching/DWY-based business.


1. Agency/Service/DFY-based Business


What I’ve found to work best here is incentivize through money and sweeten with bonuses. 


Given the nature of this model, it’s hard to incentivize with much else (unlike coaching/DWY offers).


The key here is to ensure that the amount you incentivize is meaningful (almost crazy) and that you give the incentives to both the referrer and the referral.


Here’s how I think about this:


Whatever a great CPA on Facebook is, take that number and split it in two: Half for the referrer and the other half for the referral.


For example, with our offer, I’m happy to pay $3k CPA, but a great CPA for us is $2k, so I’ve taken that $2k and said to our clients that “I’ll pay you $1k USD per new referral, and we’ll pay the referral $1k as well”.


To sweeten it, we bake in an additional bonus/s, which are only accessible if the client refers someone, and we add it into the deal for the referral as well. 


(Meaning, the person who got referred also receives the bonuses)


These bonuses could be:


* Exclusive trainings/content…
* Exclusive access…
   * For example, you could hold a weekly group call (as the founder) only for clients who have referred…
* Events…
* Services or a Free Trial of an additional service/deliverable…
   * Depending on the economics of a particular service you offer, you could remove the monetary incentive from above and treat the service's COGs as the “CPA” for referrals.
      * For example, we have a super advanced AI Sales Agent we install for our high-end SCIO clients, and if that, say, costs us $1k/month to operate, we could offer: “Trial our new AI Sales Agent that does ____ for FREE for 1 month if you refer at least 3 agency’s or coaches who could benefit from working with SCIO”...
         * A ton of clients would take us up on that offer, and we would essentially be paying $1k to acquire a new client, which for us is EXTREMELY profitable.
            * This would be even more powerful if you added an extra $1k to the person getting referred like I mentioned above.
         * You could even do “for every new referral, you get 1 month free of the AI Sales Agent… if you refer 5 people you’ll get 5 months free”...
         * This would CRUSH only if the service itself is EXTREMELY desirable to the client.


Or ANYTHING else your clients would find valuable you can use. 


The key to making this work is to try and make the bonuses something they would pay real money for (and a lot of it) — but don’t charge, give it away for free in exchange for 3 referrals.


P.S This idea of giving away something for free that clients would pay a lot of money for in exchange for something of zero cost also applies to getting client reviews. 


We did this in our LTO and we’ve had almost 200 people give us a review ( and we get roughly 5-10 new reviews per day - even though I posted this 1 month ago).


  



The general offer framework I use here is:

“If you’ve gotten any value from ____ and know 3 friends who could also benefit with ____, ____ and ____ then if you refer them to us I will send you $____ + give you instant access to ____ which you cannot buy anywhere else on the interest.


Here’s exactly what you’re going to get:


Benefit #1
Benefit #2
Benefit #3


And again, the only way to get access (and get paid $____) is if you’re able to refer us 3 friends… (and we’ll even pay whoever you refer $____ as a signing bonus on top).”


Now, the format will change depending on the platform you’re using but this is the general structure I follow.


2. Coaching/DWY-based Business


Everything I explained in point 1 still holds true for coaching based businesses but the 1 key difference is I’ve found the incentives to be completely reversed (Exclusive access over money).


I’ve put this down to the type of client who buys coaching vs DFY. 


DFY clients just want something done… they typically don’t care how it’s done, who does it, or how it works… they just want the result.


They can also be lazier (which isn’t a bad thing) and have no desire to consume content.


So if you try and incentivize this type of client with “exclusive content or events”, to them that sounds worst than not getting it (for the most part).


The complete inverse is true for coaching/DWY clients. People who buy these offers are the type who WANT to learn new things, they like new content and are actively looking to consume more information.


Hence, these clients are the ones you want to incentivize with exclusive training/mastermind or coaching calls, etc only if they refer 3 friends (or leave a review ;)).


A huge selling point here that I always use is “The ____ cannot be bought anywhere else on the internet and is only accessible if you refer 3 (or more) friends.”


In other words, it positions the valuable thing as something that money cannot buy. This forces them to do the thing you want (if they want to content/access bad enough - which is also why you need to make it valuable enough that you could sell it IF you wanted to).


Here’s the example we did for our LTO using this exact structure (which has CRUSHED):


  

  



And here’s an example of how I used this same structure but for referrals:


  
  

Independent Of New/Existing Clients:
There’s a stigma around referrals in that they’re inconsistent… they’re not. 


They can be extremely consistent IF you have the right system in place.


The reason why, for most people, referrals aren’t consistent is because they aren’t consistent.


What normally happens is one day they have a surge of energy to get referrals so they hit up their clients and maybe they’ll close 1 or 2…


But then they stop. And they get 0 referrals for the next 60 days until they ask again. Then they stop. And so on.


Or worst yet… they don’t even ask, ever, and just wait or hope a client magically sends them their friends.


Some months they do, others they don’t. Inconsistent.


Instead, we create a predictable referral process, similar to a predictable client acquisition process.


In other words, we create a consistent system around getting referrals (whether it’s for our LTO or main offer).


This is how we consistently sign/generate more referrals each month than churned customers/clients. 


And when we add paid ads on top, it adds fuel to the fire.
Some of the ways I’ve found to make getting referrals consistent are:


The first BIG win/breakthrough a client has with us, our Account Managers congratulate them and immediately ask for 2-3 friends.


This is built into our client journey so it doesn’t get missed, which means we don’t not get referrals. It’s a part of our process. 


It’s kind of like when you wake up, your routine is to brush your teeth. You don’t need to think about it or “plan” it. You just do it.


As a more relevant example, it’s similar to client check-in calls, most people do them and don’t even think. We build that same hygiene standard for getting referrals.


This also builds a competitive culture on your AM team as to who can get the most referrals each month (similar to closers and cash collected/deals closed). 


We track referrals per AM publicly so everyone on the team sees how they’re pacing and, if they want to win this month, how many more they need to get, etc.


You can also compensate your AMs, similar to a closer, for referrals, as at the end of the day, the AM (if you have a high-touchpoint product/service) is the reason the client will refer.


Compensating naturally incentivizes the AM and builds it into your client journey and it’s a great way for AMs to bump their income each month (without doing anything extra other than asking the client for some friends).


On the flip side, if you have a higher volume offer without an AM model as intense as ours, here are a few things we’ve done in our LTO (that doesn’t have any AMs or 1on1) that have performed extremely well:


1. Pin Post w/ Comment CTA


If you have a higher volume offer you most likely have a community with all members/customers (if you don’t, you should)...


In that community, make a post with really good copy (you can see ours in this group here) and pin it to the feed.


It’s so simple but it gets consistent eye balls every day from new and old customers, which generates new referrals every day.


(We also did this with our Review post, which generates 5-10 new reviews per day).


2. Email automation 


Our LTO is a very good product, and I know that anyone who stays after 30 days loves it (which is about 92% of total front-end buyers—currently. I’m improving this). 


So, we’ve launched an email automation to send on day 32 (to count for months that have 31 days) that is basically the exact same copy from above which sells customers on why they should refer 3 friends and what they get if they do.


I want to reiterate that this works SO well because the “thing” I’m giving them is so RIDICULOUSLY valuable if I sold it as a $5k (ish) product, they would 100% buy it... but I give it away for free if they refer 3 friends.


If my customers didn’t want it (whether it’s money or training/access, etc), no one would refer.


When setting up your referral play, you really need to give away the farm (both monetary and non-monetary).


3. Built into the onboarding/welcome process


I haven’t done this yet, but I’m planning on adding a video in our “Onboarding/Welcome” flow on exactly how customers can get our big sexy referral offer (“if they’re interested - if not, no issue, I just wanted to give you the opportunity”).


Again, because what I’m offering is so valuable, it’s actually in my customer's best interest for me to tell them how to get access (which is through referring) because I know they will get better results if they have it and they will LOVE it.




________________




These are a few ways we’ve built referral prgrams into our products/client journey, making it consistent and wildly profitable (without needing any other form of marketing).


But of course, we’re still spending around $10k/day on ads so we’re generating a TON of NEW customers but now those new customers from ads are slowly propagating into 2-3x that volume on the backend via referrals.


Those new referrals from the ad customers also propagate into 2-3x more referrals, and it exponentially compounds from there.


THAT’S how you get to $10M+/year ;)