Scaling To $1M/Month
 Phase 1: $0 → $40k/m
The only focus during this initial stage is to figure out what offer is going to convert someone who has no idea who you are into a high-ticket client ($3k/m+ if agency or $4k+ if coaching/consulting).


This is the easiest way to scale and move fast. To have an in demand offer or in other words, to find product market fit.


You want to use this offer framework:
* Niche:
* Metric:
* Volume:
* Timeframe:
* Guarantee:


You can do multiple offers when starting out and test which one is hitting the best and then scale that. Don’t fall into paralysis by analysis.


Ensure the offers you create are always built off the markets pre-existing desires and not based on what you want to offer.


During this phase your main focus needs to be on generating sales calls + taking sales calls.


The way you generate these sales calls is through having the most attractive offer and running ads (which we do DFY).


The ads will provide you a consistent and repeatable way to get sales calls every single day that you’re in complete control of (which means it’s also scalable).


These 2 things will get you to $40k/m (roughly) and will also give you a base which you can use to scale.


What’s also important to note is that I highly recommend doing the sales calls yourself in the beginning as there is literally nothing more important than you generating sales calls and taking them during this phase.


If you say “I don’t have time” then you’re focusing on the wrong things.


With fulfillment during Phase 1, I recommend to also do this yourself and potentially introduce a contractor/freelancer to help. Although, you should be leading all fulfillment and the freelancer/contractor should be helping you. You need to be getting your hands dirty with fulfillment as it’s going to be a HUGE advantage in the later phases.


Outcome of Phase 1: Create an offer strangers will pay you for and get to $40k/m.


If you’re in Phase 1, here’s the trainings I recommend to consume (in order):
1. Week 0: Watch Before Your Onboarding Call
2. Week 1: Foundations To $1M/mo
3. Week 2: Designing Your Frontend Client Acquisition
4. Week 5: The Bullet Proof Sales Process (For Any Offer)
5. Week 3: Designing Your Scalable Fulfilment Conveyor Belt
Phase 2: $40k → $100k/m
Only enter phase 2 once you have an offer that converts strangers into high-ticket clients.


Again, if you don’t have that offer then you need to revert back to Phase 1 (even if you’re doing $50k-$100k/m+).


Assuming you have the offer, there are now 3 systems you need to build that will take you to $100k/month.


1. A consistent and repeatable way to generate sales calls
   1. This is what we do for you and to scale, it’s required.
   2. You must have a system/process to where you can buy qualified sales calls for a cost that makes sense (usually this is sub $250-$300 depending on your market)
      1. And it of course needs to be consistent. Usually if you can buy calls at a price that makes sense then it is naturally consistent. 
2. A consistent and repeatable way to close sales calls into high-ticket clients
   1. This is essentially referring to a sales script/framework that you know if you take 100 qualified prospects through, 30% or more are going to buy your high-ticket offer ($3k/m+ if agency or $4k+ if coaching/consulting. This is an important distinction.)
      1. It needs to be one process that you can use over and over again and it continually produces the same result (30%+ close rate).
      2. The only way you can build one singular sales process that closes every call you take @ 30% is via talking to the same person, with the same problems.
   2. If you don’t have this yet then that’s exactly what your focus needs to be on during Phase 2 (as the founder).
      1. You also need to lean on our sales department to help you dial in this process. We have helped every single one of our clients build their consistent and repeatable sales process that converts their ideal prospects into clients at 30% or higher. Use us.
   3. Again, I always recommend for this to be you as the founder (or co-founder). Many clients think getting a closer is best when they can’t close themselves but the issue is closers operate best when they join an offer that already has results, already has a proven track record and most importantly, already has a sales process that has been battle tested and is proven to convert.
3. A consistent and repeatable way to deliver client results
   1. Similar to the sales process, we also want to build a consistent and repeatable fulfillment process to where you essentially create a “fulfilment conveyor belt”.
      1. In other words, every time you close a new client you know there are a certain set of “hoops” they need to go through and once they get through the last “hoop”, they get the result. 
   2. The way I built our fulfillment conveyor belt is through constant a product/service/feedback/results/refunds iteration feedback loop.
      1. For all of 2022, me and our first AM had a daily call and we literally went through every single client account and looked at results and client messages and looked at what’s working and what’s not and continued to optimize and iterate our fulfilment process until we built a fulfilment conveyor belt.
   3. The only way you can truly build a Fulfilment Conveyor Belt is by having the same client come to you with the same set of problems who need the same set of solutions. This is why we want to niche down on the front end and create a specific offer for a specific person.
   4. During Phase 2, you simply need to start taking note of what is working for clients and what isn’t and start to build out your conveyor belt. You do not need to have it squeaky clean as it literally took us a year to do this. Don’t get overwhelmed, rather just realize you’re starting that process.


Recap: During Phase 2 you should have your day split up between sales and fulfilment as your marketing will be completely hands-off given we’re running that for you.


Usually, clients during Phase 2 get hung up on specifics around their “website”, their logo/branding, etc. Don’t be this person.


You can split your day based on whatever works best for you, however, what I did was the following:


* 5am - 11am → Sales Calls
   * Focusing on building the consistent and repeatable sales script/framework
* 12pm - 5pm → Fulfilment 
   * Focusing on:
      * Building a repeatable delivery process
      * Building a healthy client retention
         * Client results
         * Client experience


If you’re in Phase 2, here’s the trainings I recommend to consume (in order):
1. Week 1: Foundations To $1M/mo
2. Week 5: The Bullet Proof Sales Process (For Any Offer)
3. Week 3: Designing Your Scalable Fulfilment Conveyor Belt
Phase 3: $100k → $250k/m
I call phase 3 “Productizing”.


To make something “productized” means to make it “scalable”.


And if you’ve successfully completed phases 1 and 2, that means you have:


* A consistent and repeatable way to close clients
   * You know if a qualified prospect joins a sales call, you can close them @ 30% with a specific sales script/process…
* A consistent and repeatable way to fulfil on clients
   * You know if you close a qualified client, you need to take them through X hoops (or milestones/activation points) and they will receive the result they paid for by the end of that process…


Now we need to create:


* A consistent, repeatable and scalable way to close clients
* A consistent, repeatable and scalable way to fulfil on clients


You will also find yourself stretched thin at this stage and feeling as though everything is on the verge of breaking (or maybe it’s starting to break)… this is totally normal.


Hence why the outcome of Phase 3 is making your consistent and repeatable processes scalable.


(The following are intechageable in terms of which you do first)


* Productizing Sales
   * Now that you have a consistent and repeatable sales process, you can now hire a closer and install them into the already proven system.
      * The biggest pitfall I see here is clients thinking they can give someone a script and they perfectly implement it and start closing.
      * This isn’t the case and so this stage requires you to:
         * Hire the right person (we can help with this if you need to)
         * Onboard them correctly
         * Ramp them effectively & efficiently
         * Daily meeting cadence
* Productizing Fulfilment
   * Similar to sales, you now need to start hiring your first (or second if you hired someone in Phase 1) Account Manager to facilitate the Fulfilment Conveyor Belt with clients. These AM/s (unlike the first hire) will be self-sufficient.
   * Same as sales, you can’t hire someone and expect them to perform perfectly without any input from you, so again you need to:
      * Hire the right person
      * Onboard them correctly
      * Ramp them effectively & efficiently
      * Daily meeting cadence


What’s important to note is I would not do these simultaneously. I would recommend to hire for which ever department is the most efficient/dialed in (and whichever you like doing least).


This will allow you to get one off your plate which frees up time to be able to go deeper into the other department.


Once the initial department you hire for is running smoothly, then hire out for the second.


For context, I brought on a closer first and went all in on our fulfilment and then over the course of the following few months I slowly hired for fulfilment.


The big outcome for Phase 3 should be to have both sales and fulfilment performing at, or above, KPI without you needing to be as involved as you were in Phases 1 and 2.


This will allow you to get to $250k/month.


Here are the trainings I recommend to consume for Phase 3 (in order):
1. Week 6: Company-wide Recruitment And Onboarding
2. Week 7: Building And Leading Your Sales Department // Week 8: Building And Leading Your Fulfilment Department
   1. (Depeneds which one you decide to hire for first. Either way you need to go through both.)
Phase 4: $250k/m → $500k/m
By Phase 4 you should have:


* A consistent, repeatable and scalable process to generate qualified sales calls (which we will have done for you)
* A consistent, repeatable and scalable process to close clients
* A consistent, repeatable and scalable process to fulfill on clients


Phase 4 is where you will switch your mindset from being on the frontlines to running your organization through your team. You goal should be making your team win.


This specifically requires you to do 2 things:


1. Do more/better
   1. Spend more on ads.
   2. More closers
   3. More Account Managers
   4. More operations staff
   5. Get better at recruiting
   6. Have better daily team calls
2. Develop your team
   1. The number 1 focus for you at this stage is developing your team and building them up.
      1. For context, in the book “The Hard Things About Hard Things” by Ben Horowitz he says: If you have 10 people on your team, next year they will work roughly twenty thousand combined. Let’s say you spent 12 hours training them and that equates to a mere 1% performance improvement - you will gain the equivalent of 200 hours of work as a result of your 12 hour training…
         * There’s literally nothing more leveraged that you could be doing with your time than training your team (when you’re at this stage).
   2. You should also be doing:
      1. A lot of recruiting and hiring top players
         * And get really good at it
      2. Create better Onboarding and Ramp processes for new hires (for every department)
         * You will notice now that you’re scaling, one of the constraints you’ll face is “Scalable Talent Acquisition”
      3. Weekly 1on1s with everyone on your team
         * These should be where you dive deep into the personal side of your team
            1. This is how you can understand what it is they really want, hate, get annoyed by, etc so you can build a better environment for them to work in
      4. Daily team meetings
         * These should be ran extremely effectively as they act as the center of your culture and ultimately your company (given we’re mainly remote companies)


Once you get to $250k/m+, a lot of your work becomes extremely boring. If you watch Hormozi he has a saying “Do The Boring Work”... this is where that saying becomes extremely important…


Essentially in Phase 4 you need to become an exceptional manager/leader and you win by making your team win. You lead through your team. You get results through your team.


Here are the trainings I recommend to consume for Phase 4:
1. Week 1: Foundations To $1M/mo (Specifically the “Theory Of Constraints” training)
   1. Then dive deeper into the trainings that will allevaite your current biggest constraint
2. Week 7: Building And Leading Your Sales Department // Week 8: Building And Leading Your Fulfilment Department
Phase 5: $500k/m → $1M/m
Up until this point you will have had a team running sales and fulfilment (and us running your marketing), however, you may still be involved with fulfilment by jumping into certain problem client channels, or giving strategy or maybe for sales you have been “saving” sales calls by taking the follows up, etc.


Now we need to remove that dependency on you so you have clients who close and move all the way through the activation points and receive the result they paid for without you ever speaking to them.


This is where we can really ramp the volume yet still maintain client results, close rates, profitability, etc at scale.


How you achieve this is through installing managers or “leads” into each department.


These managers or leads should be developed from within, I strongly recommend against hiring external managers.


What you will need specifically is:
* A Sales Manager
* Client Success Director
* Finance/Legal Director


Your focus now switches from leading the team to leading your managers who lead the team who take care of clients.


There’s usually a 3-5 month transition period between you leading a department and you promoting someone to take over.


However, once you do this, it is a huge release for you as the founder because this’ll be the first time nothing in your business depends on you and you still get clients great results and your revenue grows.


This is where you can take on new initiatives, and if you want, make yourself a pretty website and logo ;)) 


Here are the trainings I recommend to consume for Phase 4:
1. Week 9: Building A C-Suite