The Account Manager Model


If you run any type of service based/1on1/dfy business and/or coaching business I highly recommend you use this Account Manager model because it’s the only model I’ve seen scale really well whilst maintaining client results and client experience.


There are a few reasons why:


1. Your clients get a real subject matter expert they can work 1on1 with
   1. Most models make it difficult (or impossible) to attract and retain real subject matter experts on your team because usually, if someone is a genuine expert, they have a high price tag next to their name which the company can’t afford to pay whilst maintaining profitability.
   2. These SMEs should be an expert in the service/outcome you’re providing. Examples:
      1. Facebook ads
      2. Google ads
      3. Website building (more specifically, web flow experts - as an example)
      4. CRO
      5. Dropshipping
      6. Marriages
      7. Life coaching
      8. Health, etc
   3. By having SMEs, it also allows you to remove yourself much more effectively whilst maintaining your client results/experience.
2. Your SMEs make real money ($10k - $15k/m)
   1. If you have an AM model dialed in, usually there’s no where else for your team to go in your industry to make the same amount of money they’re making with you other than starting their own business.
      1. But obviously with that comes so many issues/problems that working as a SME doesn’t have (huge benefit)
   2. I get asked a lot about “What if my AM takes my clients?”
      1. Obviously if you’re even thinking about this w/ someone on your team you’ve probably hired the wrong person, however, outside of that + contracts/culture, etc your AMs are going to be making more money (profit) with you than if they were to work with those clients on their own so it doesn’t even make sense to.
3. It allows you to scale a 1on1/dfy service (agency or coaching)
   1. This is by far the most common reason dfy/1on1 businesses don’t scale.
      1. At 100 new clients per month, how is it possible to scale a 1on1 service? This model allows you to do that.
   2. By having a 1on1 element to your fulfilment (whether you do DFY or coaching) you massively increase your LTV (clients stay far longer), you decrease churn substantially (clients get way more value), and you decrease refunds (because the AMs can easily handle any situation)... this is why maintaining 1on1 at scale is so important and this is the only model I’ve found that does it really well.


There’s a few reasons this model is the $1M/m fulfilment model to use.
AM Responsibilities:
In short, your AMs primary responsibility is to move your clients through your Fulfilment Conveyor Belt and work 1on1 with your clients during every stage.


If you have a DFY service, your AM should be the one facilitating the DFY element as well as moving the client through the conveyor belt.


For example, let’s say your Fulfilment Conveyor Belt is the below:
1. New client closed
2. Onboarding
3. Offer creation
4. Ad scripts (dfy)
5. Ads launch (dfy)
6. Dial in sales process
7. Ascension


In this example, your AM would be the one facilitating every stage of this “Client Journey” as well as implementing on the DFY elements and they should be KPI’d (ideally) on retention of the client.


And for each stage you should have your specific SOPs/processes around how to onboard effectively, how to launch ads and how to write ad scripts, etc.


These processes should have already been ironed out so that by the time an AM comes onboard, they just need to rinse and repeat an already proven process.


And ultimately, your AMs are the person your clients work with. They don’t work with you, they work with your AM. When your clients think of your company, they should think of your AM.


This also creates an asset that is detached from you so if you wanted to sell, you could, if you wanted to sit in on board meetings, you could. The company (eventually) won’t need you or be attached to you in any way.
The Structure:
How you structure your AMs will be totally dependent on your services/market/price point, etc, however, from a birdseye view here’s how the structure looks:
  



































The way you make this structure work is to initially make every action successful on a unit/singular level and then duplicate/scale.


For example, initially, (stage 1) it’s going to be you working directly with the clients. And as we know, your only focus here is to figure out what works. Once you figure out a process that works for one client who came to you from a scalable source (ads), you can then duplicate that process across many clients.


The same logic ought to be applied to building your AM team.


You have to make one AM work on a unit level and then you can replicate that process for multiple AMs.


Up until (roughly) $250k/m, you as the founder are going to be the CSD who hires, onboards, ramps/trains and ultimately manages the AM team.


You cannot outsource this because not only are you trying to validate the AMs themselves, but you’re also trying to validate the CSD role which is nearly impossible to do.


However, as I mentioned before, once you get the model working on a unit level, you’ve done most of the work because now you can replicate and scale.
Stages Of Building/Scaling Your AM Team
(These following stages are assuming you have already built your Fulfilment Conveyor Belt - previous training)


I also want to prelude this with the following:


These below stages are a high level overview. Do not worry if you don’t fully understand the intricacies of hiring, compensation, management structure, onboarding and ramping, etc. This will all be covered in due time.
Stage 1
Hire one new AM and dial in the following:
* What's the eaisest way to enroll them into the conveyor belt so they can deliver client results at the same level you can?
* What’s their client capacity?
   * Here you need to find the balace between client volume/work quality and a good monthly income which equates to sub 10% of the P&L
* Skills you need to hire for vs skills you can teach


During this stage, because there are so many unknowns, you’re still going to be involved in the direct client fulfilment as well as training up the new AM.


This will allow the AM to learn by osmosis which is needed because you’re most likely not going to have everything built out in easy to follow SOPs/processes when you bring on your first AM, so the only way they’re going to learn is via watching you/working very closely with you.
Stage 2
(By this point your current AM should be at or near capacity)


Stage 2 is about hiring more. If you have the client volume, I would recommend you hire 2 and ramp them both at the same time. If you don’t have enough client volume then hiring 1 is totally fine.


As you bring on your second AM, you want to step out of the direct client fulfilment (still be available for fires and go through every client channel once per day) and focus solely on the AMs who then work with the clients.


Essentially you continue to maintain client results and experience through your AMs at this stage.


Rinse and repeat stage 2 until you’ve gotten 3 - 4 AMs, and then move onto stage 3.
Stage 3
This is where we go 2-steps removed from clients and install “middle management” to be able to really scale.


Typically, out of the 3-4 AMs you have at this point, one will show really promising signs and essentially ‘rise to the top’ (more on this in “Promoting Managers”).


That person you want to promote to “Client Success Director” which is someone who leads the AM team and doesn’t have any clients of their own.


You’ll still be in charge of hiring new AMs, however, the CSD will be running the day to day.


I’ve found CSDs can handle 7 direct reports (7 account managers underneath them).


During this stage, your primary focus switches from the AMs directly to the CSD who manages the AMs who then manage the clients.


I recommend to still attend 1 team call per week at this stage to continuously communicate vision / mission / values and motivate the team. I attend the Monday morning call.


This is where true scale occurs as this is a structure that will allow you to have roughly 140-245 clients and still maintain client results and client experience as if you were to have only 10 clients.