Proactive Leadership vs 
Reactive Customer Service


A good Account Manager will always be proactively leading their clients to success. They will never be reactive.
Reactive Customer Service
Think of this as having a pop-up help desk on a website. There’s a customer service team waiting for a customer to send a message asking for help. That’s reactive customer service/support.


You’re reacting to what the client is asking. 


For most agencies/coaches this refers to any time a client messages you about questions they have on the process. For example: “Hey guys, I’ve done X what’s the next steps?”


Bottom line… you should NEVER EVER receive these messages. Ever.


Instead your AMs need to be predicting what the client will be needing next or what their problem/question/constraint will be next and proactively reaching out to them to solve it.
Proactive Leadership
One of my favorite quotes ever is, “Everyone is walking around with their umbilical cord in their hand, looking for a place to plug it back in”.


Meaning, as humans, we want to be LED.


When it comes to your clients, your AMs must LEAD them to their goal. 


You know exactly what that goal is and how to get there because you have done it so many times. Your AMs need to take charge of the client relationship and lead them to their goals. 


Your AMs need to be in control at all times and not reacting to the client.


Think of it as a dog taking the owner for a walk vs the owner taking a dog for a walk.
Putting This Into Practice
What does this look like in reality?


Any time a client says, “what’s next steps?” or “what do I do now?” or “What’s going on with X?” or “Do you need anything else from me to get going?” or “Can you update me on X” etc…


That is reactive customer service and you’ve failed at proactively leading.


Why have you failed?


Because if you’re proactively leading your clients correctly then you should have pre-empted ALL of those questions they have. You should be first ALWAYS.


Example:
* A new client is completing your onboarding process and once they complete it, they send a message asking “what are next steps?”
   * If the client messages you about it → you’ve failed.
   * IMMEDIATELY as that new client comes onboard you should be explaining exactly what they need to do all the way through to their first call with you. THAT is proactively leading clients.


This applies to everything:
* They’re about to finish the first step? What do they need to do next?
* Ads aren’t performing? Update them and explain what you’re doing to rectify
* Ads are performing? What’s next for them?
* You’ve just completed the first step in the process? update them.
   * Same with the second, third, fourth and so on.
* Reporting
* Checking in on them
   * LEAD the clients. Think of it as taking their hand and walking them to a destination. If we’re always infront of them, they’re never going to ask “where are we going?” or “what’s next” or “can you update me”
A Guiding Light
Majority of clients who come from ads can often be scared and nervous or at the very least, not certain as most of the time they’re in uncharted waters with your deliverables. 


And so because of this, you need to become their guiding light supporting them all the way through to their desired end goal. In other words, they need to feel as though you have their back.


The only way you (or your AMs) can effectively guide them is if you’re infront of them showing the way. In other words, being proactive, never reactive.


This is also where good coaching comes into play.


Sometimes, clients can pushback on your ideas because they’re using their reference points as a source of truth but again, they’re playing in uncharted territory and so you need to provide them with your perspective on what the best course of action is.


This ties back into being their guiding light and proactively leading them to their desired outcome/goal.


Example: client w/ the changes from $50k/m → $150k/m
* He was planning on removing himself entirely from fulfiment but I told him not to and it really opened his eyes. 
* The only way I was able to do this was because we’ve been down that path and I knew the hurdles he will stumbled upon.